 Prominent Features

 Student Registration valid for limited time using Scratch Code.
 Display Plans.
 Display Categories.
 Display class-wise Videos.
 Create Activities for every Chapter (Different activities as per Activities sample pdf).
 Generate and Store Results of Activities performed.
 Store number of attempts made and display latest result.
 Payment gateway integration.
 SMS gateway integration.
 Email gateway integration.
 4 user roles.
i. Admin ii. School Admin iii. Students (General and School) iv. Teachers.
 Sales report per month.
 Login and forget password. 

 Functional specification

Admin
1) User account:
i. Login screen. Login with Email/Username & Password.
ii. Forgot Password. A new password will be sent by email.
iii. Admin can update the profile.
iv. After logging-in admin can create/set/update any of the following:

2) Create, Edit, Delete & Hide Courses / Plans.

3) Create, Edit, Delete Activities. 

4) Create, Edit, Delete Subscriptions.

5) Create, Edit, Delete School admin.

Student
1) User account:
i.. Registration:
a. School student will register with the unique code provided with the book using with 
OTP that will be sent on their mobile numbers (while registration)

b. General student will signup normally and subscribe to a course by paying online.
ii. Login screen for students.
iii. Forgot Password. A new password will be sent by email and sms.
iv. Student can edit profile. At the time of edit profile student can select school from the list.
v. After logging-in the student will reach the dashboard from where he/she can access the 
following.

2) Subscription
i. Students can subscribe to any plan/course of their choice
ii. Once subscribed to the plan then selected books will be accessible for the student in the 
account.
iii. There will be no auto-renewal for the subscription. Students can renew the subscription plan 
manually with payment for next month/year.
iv. Students can upgrade or downgrade the subscription plans.
v. Payment gateway preferable is Razorpay.

3) Access Courses
i. Students will have access to their respective courses.
ii. They can read, watch, take up activity, check their score etc.
iii. If the access is limited by time, like one year or one month, it will be locked after the period.
iv. Books, videos will be available in the website environment only.
v. Can apply for activities multiple times, keep track of activity attempts.
vi. Section wise - activity report, share with teacher. 

School Admin Role:
1) User account:
i. Registration: Admin will create a school admin account.
ii. Login screen for school admin.
iii. Forgot Password. A new password will be sent by email.
iv. School admin can edit profile
v. After logging-in the school admin will reach the dashboard from where he/she can access the 
following:

2) School students list with activities scoreboard report. 

3) Can create class teacher login.

School Teacher Role:
1) User account:
i. Login screen for Teacher.
ii. Forgot Password. A new password will be sent by email.
iii. Teacher can edit profile.
iv. After logging-in the school admin will reach the dashboard from where he/she can access the 
following:

2) Can view Class students list with activities scoreboard report.

● Technical specifications
 Android App will be build using Android Studio.
 Admin Panel will also be built using PHP Framework ‘Laravel’.
 Technology for database will be MySQL.